[14.0][ADD] partner_category_security_crm: New addon. (#1330)
OCA/partner-contact: partner_category_security_crm/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This is a glue module between "partner_category_securit"y and "crm" to mitigate the permissions to manage contact tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a glue module between "partner_category_security" and "crm" to mitigate the permissions to manage contact tags.
```
